20_2 DataGrid Load Data on Demand: rewrite (#688)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/LoadDataOnDemand/description.md

> If the TreeList uses a remote dataset, it can be loaded dynamically as a user expands nodes. Applies only if data has a [plain structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure). To configure this feature on the client, do the following:

Reviewer: - "If the TreeList uses a remote dataset, it can be loaded dynamically" - ambiguous "it". I replaced the entire "if" phrase with a statement.
- "Applies only if data has a [plain structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure)." - such incomplete sentences are great for short descriptions in the API reference, but you shouldn't use them in long texts.
- "To configure this feature on the client" - we haven't mentioned that there will be a client- and a server-side configuration.

```suggestion
The TreeList can load a remote dataset dynamically as a user expands nodes. The dataset should have a [plain structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure).

This feature requires client- and server-side configuration. To configure the client-side part, do the following:
```

1. Implement the [load](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#load) property of the dataSource to send the expanded node's id.

> 2. Enable filtering on the server&mdash;set the **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering) to **true**.

Reviewer: When describing anything, a good tactics is to first say _what_ we do and then say _how_ to do it. For example:

```suggestion
2. **Delegate filtering to the server**         
Set the **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering) property to **true**.
```

3. Use the [hasItemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#hasItemsExpr) property to specify which data field defines whether the node has children.

> The server-side implementation is available under the `TreeListDataController.cs` tab in the ASP.NET versions of this demo.

Reviewer: Add links as done in this demo: https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/RemoteReordering/React/Light/
